switch to new formula (WP-833) (#487)
Smartling/wordpress-localization-plugin: readme.txt

3. Track translation status within WordPress from the Submissions Board. View overall progress of submitted translation requests as well as resend updated content.

== Changelog ==
= 3.5.0 =

> * Fixed connector automatically downloading content and applying translation after source was uploaded again with no new authorized strings. The connector now will automatically download submissions only if all strings are completed and there are no pending unauthorized or excluded strings.

Reviewer: Your explanation is correct, but I decided to add specifics about what happened and how it will work now.
```suggestion
* Fixed a use case in which an already translated post was re-uploaded, new source strings were not authorized, and the connector re-delivered translations. It happened because all authorized strings are published. This type of re-delivery confused people because it was unexpected, but it also included new strings that were untranslated.
Starting with this release, delivery will occur when all authorized strings have been translated and published. Any unauthorized string will prevent the delivery. To unblock delivery, any unauthorized strings should be Excluded or Authorized.
```

Author: Thanks!
